# /home/douglas/.vim/vimwiki/diary/2021-05-24

= Interview Prep with Atanas | Edu buddy meeting =

== Todo List ==

	=== Today's tasks ===
		- [ ] video calls:
			- [ ] Interview prep with Atanas @14:00
				- this meeting was cancelled due to load shedding
				- so instead show the interview questions that i have been working on via slack
				- he gave me some input and i made the required changes
			- [ ] Edu buddy meeting @19:00
		- [X] Get ready for Interview Prep:
			- Common interview questions:
				1. Tell me about yourself
					- Currently I am mentoring at CYF
					- In order to help out the community in programming
					- At the same time trying to gain more experience in the MERN stack
					- With a lot of side projects
				2. What attracted you to our company?
					- Three things to talk about in this area:
						- The team:
							- The team at Vulcan Labs sound like such a group of fantastic individuals to work with
							- From all of the research that I have done on the company
						- The company:
							- I am so excited to learn the next big tech in web development like typescript
						- The role:
							- I would like to come into this company and automate a lot of the processes
							- In order to make life a little bit easier
							- For me and my fellow team mates
				3. Tell me about your strengths
					- As an Edu Buddy I am able to understand what good coding looks like 
					- In a variety of different homework activities
					- Then I am able to review solutions and give tailored answers to each individual
					- While keeping the homework requirements in mind
				4. What are your weaknesses?
					- One of the challenges that I have at the moment is the ability to ask for help when needed
					- 
				5. Where do you see yourself in five years?
					- In the next 5 years I would like to be a fully fledged web dev
					- Maybe even a team behind me
					- Lead project designer and the ability to discuss client requirements
				6. Can you tell me about a time where your encountered a business challenge? How did you overcome it?
					- 
				7. What are the most important things you are looking for in your next role?
					- The opportunity to learn your business model
					- To learn as much as I can about web dev and the technologies within
					- The variety of projects, exposure to different technologies and learning rapidly
				8. Why are you leaving your current job?
					- I am looking for new and exciting opportunities
					- I know longer add value to the company
				9. What are your salary expectations?
					- Ben from Vulcan labs said, "That they are paying 8000 per month for this role"
				10. Do you have any questions for me?
					- How are teams organised and who leads the teams
					- What sort of projects would I be deployed on if I started to work here
					- Do we ever do team building activities and if so when would the next activity be
					- What sort of allowances do you allow is there a learning budget for going on course like if I want to get AWS certified
				11. Explain to me what is the first thing that you do when you climb out of bed in the morning?
					- The first thing that I always do is switch on the computer
					- In order to let the circuits warm up
				12. Tell us something that makes you unique for the job that you are applying for?
					- The ability to learn and grow as i go along
					- Having such an array of tech skills leads me to being a problem solver
				13. 
			- Common tech questions:
				1. In your own words, explain what JavaScript is and how it is used in the technology industry today?
					- Js is a language that is used mainly in web development
					- It is used for server side rendering as well as running on the web browser
				2. How would you explain to a colleague or friend what the difference between a relational database and a non relational database is?
					- A relational database is structured in tables,
					- many times the tables will also have relationships with the other tables,
					- A non relational database is stored in more like a laundry list
					- meaning that it is stored in a usually long list of items
				3. In web development, what have you preferred working with thus far
					- 
				4. Which coding languages are you interested in learning in the future?
					- I like how typescript is taking over the world and some of the basic syntax is similar to JavaScript
					- If they ask why?
						- In the 2020 developer survey, typescript was rated 2 only second two rust
						- taking over python for the first time in five years.
					- I would like to tackle python again, reason being machine learning has always been an interest of mine.
				5. What do you enjoy about JavaScript? How does it compare to other languages?
					- Using only one language for web browser and server side rendering
					- 
				6. Explain what the differences are between dynamically typed languages and statically typed languages?
					- A dynamically typed language performs type checking at runtime
					- A statically typed language performs type checking at compile time
					- Meaning of the two:
						- meaning of runtime:
							- The language is checked for errors as the code is about to run so in other words it was already been converted to machine code
						- meaning of compile:
							- The language is checked as it is being converted to machine code, the errors that are picked up here, need to be rectified before it can continue
				7. Tell me about a JavaScript project you have worked on that you have been proud of
					- 
				8. What JavaScript IDEs do you prefer using?
					- 
				9. Look at this code and tell me what is wrong with it and why?
					- 
				10. 
			- Explain the projects that are on your CV:
				1. Login
					- This is an ongoing project almost like a coding playground
					- In this site I have design a google login using Aoth
					- I am also busy with re-writing the memories app using react hooks
					- I am also wanting to expand it to a iTunes store and a student dashboard
				2. Dual API
					- I wanted to experiment with using two APIs to draw information
					- It starts with drawing info from a users API
					- Within that data it uses city locations to draw the weather based on those cities
				3. Memories app
					- This project was a first attempt at using Redux
					- This app is a full stack crud app
					- It also gave me the opportunity to see how to store images into a db
				4. 
		- [ ] 

	=== Tasks that haven't been completed ===
		== This section is used for when the tasks from above haven't been solved ==
			-

	=== EasyEquites shares @10:02 ===
		1. Anglo Platinum
			* Profit/Loss -R14.86
			* Profit/Loss -11.43%
			* Current value R115.14
		2. bhpbilliton
			* Profit/Loss -R2.60
			* Profit/Loss -2.52%
			* Current value R100.40
		3. Implats
			* Profit/Loss -R40.24
			* Profit/Loss -8.05%
			* Current value R459.76
		4. Naspers
			* Profit/Loss -R42.38
			* Profit/Loss -14.13%
			* Current value R257.62

== Notes ==

	=== Interview prep with Atanas Minutes ===
		- Gave me some input via slack
		- Made as much changes as I could in one night
	
	=== Edu buddy meeting Minutes ===
		# Notes on meeting
			- AOB stands for Any Other business
		# Notes on my students
			Had a video call with Jarrod and Kuda on the 18 May last week Tuesday
			Meeting was suppose to be at 8am but had it at 9am
			On account of load shedding
			- Jarrod:
				- Just getting use to React
				- Busy with freecode camp 
				- Showed him how to change directory within React
				- He has caught up with everything so far, just needs to make some changes to the todo app
				- There are just a few small bugs in the TV project that needs to be sorted:
					- It still seems to be showing a zero in front of the 10 by series
			- Kuda:
				- Was running a bit late for meeting, doesn't seem to message or anything
				- Arrived at meeting @9:33
				- Doing some exercises from freecode camp
				- Busy working on getting posting right using APIs fetch method
				- trying to send emails using pure js just as a side personal project
				- Suggested to rather use react for that
				- He was wanting to try and find a job working remote with flexy hours
				- Suggested a few freelancing platforms:
					- Anytask
					- freelance.com
					- Upworks
			- Rustumb:
				- haven't heard from Rustumb in the last month
				- I don't even know if he is still busy with the course
				- I couldn't even mark the last two activities as there was no pr
			- Ryan:
				- Can't attend Tuesday meeting as he does work on those days
				- Hasn't done much this week as he had a funeral to attend
				- Busy playing catchup with the hotel project
				- Suggested to make some changes on the tv project, which he said that he was going to do
				- Still getting a bit use to the syntax for React
