# /home/douglas/.vim/vimwiki/diary/2021-06-17

# Notes on immigration questions below
= Immigration questions =

== Todo List ==

	=== Today's tasks ===
		- [ ] video calls:
			- [ ] No video calls
        - [.] EasyEquites shares:
            - [X] checked @10:55
            - [ ] checked @
            - [ ] checked @
		- [X] Continue with the Locations app:
			- what needs to be done:
				- Put functionality in the following buttons:
					- Horizontal button in the top right hand corner of the image
					- Delete button
					- Like Count
				- Tags are not being saved as a array, it is storing as one word
			- need to sort out the update function on the app for next time
		- [ ] 

	=== Tasks that haven't been completed ===
		== This section is used for when the tasks from above haven't been solved ==
			-

	=== EasyEquites shares @10:55 ===
		1. Anglo Platinum
			* Profit/Loss -R24.24
			* Profit/Loss -18.65%
			* Current value R105.76
		2. AngloGold Ashanti
			* Profit/Loss -R10.46
			* Profit/Loss -10.06%
			* Current value R93.54
		3. bhpbilliton
			* Profit/Loss -R4.45
			* Profit/Loss -4.32%
			* Current value R98.55
		4. Implats
			* Profit/Loss -R55.75
			* Profit/Loss -11.15%
			* Current value R444.25
		5. Naspers
			* Profit/Loss -R42.73
			* Profit/Loss -14.24%
			* Current value R257.27

== Notes ==
	=== Immigration questions ===
		- Questions that I want to ask:
			- Do we need to be vaccinated when we go over is it a must?
			- How much money do I need in savings to immigrate?
			- Will the carry in suit case take a 17 inch laptop?
			- Are the cats going with?
			- What are the first things that need to be done when I touch down?
			- What things do I need to get rid of before the move?
			- What sort of things should I consider taking over with me?
			- What type of cloths do i need to plan on having?
			- Is it difficult to get an apartment on touch down?
			- What sort of things do you say when you touch down at the airport?
		- Questions that others asked:
			- 
